# Information for Developers

## `Images` Folder

In the `Images` folder, you'll find PDFs of all the graphical assets as well as the `.afdesign` files from the program we created them with, Affinity Designer. We use [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com) to ensure a consistent design language across the website and app.

## `Issue Manager` Folder

The `Issue Manager` folder contains the Xcode project and all its associated files.

- Dependencies are managed using Git submodules (contained within the `Carthage` folder because they were initially checked out with Carthage), some of which require Git LFS.
- The `Libraries` folder contains tiny libraries that are so small we decided to just copy them over and manage them ourselves, as well as adjusting some of the code.
- The `Back End` folder contains the (platform-agnostic) back-end code which the front end is built around.
	- `Objects` contains all the objects used for local storage and/or defined in the API, encoded/decoded in communicating with the server.
	- `Storage` contains the repository object, which manages the local data store.
	- `Concrete Requests` contains the concrete representations of the API endpoints, as well as exposing mechanisms to use them.
	- `Extensions` contains extensions of existing types to simplify code using them elsewhere.
- The `Issue Manager` folder contains the (iOS-specific) front-end code, along with the assets and storyboards. The code is grouped by scene, so e.g. you'll find all code for the construction site list scene in the `Construction Site List` folder.
	- `Common` contains views and other objects that are used throughout multiple scenes.
	- `Generated` contains code generated by swiftgen to improve localization code and make it checkable at compile time.
	- `Extensions` contains almost exclusively extensions of existing types to simplify code using them elsewhere.
